I just want to
tell you all that I feel uplifted in my
spirit. You can just feel
the spiritual charge that is
taking place in the atmosphere with all
these people that are praying.
If one of us can put a thousand to
flight and two of us can send 10,000 to
flight, think about how many thousands of
us sending into flight the power and the authority.
There is
nothing that the
Lord can't do through us
if we just act in simple faith,
believe, pray, and be that
army—that
body joined together. I'm telling you, we are
about to see
one of the greatest harvests of souls
this world has ever seen.
I want you all to agree with
me: take the blinders off of people's
eyes. A spiritual awakening, a spiritual
outpouring of the Spirit of God like
we've never seen before—the waking
from
the slumber of the
seeker-friendlies
and the people who are asleep
spiritually. Praying for their eyes to be
enlightened, praying for the
demonstrations and the manifestations
not just to happen in a couple of
churches, but in all the churches.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, it
won't just be the Pentecostals, it won't
just be the charismatics.
It will be the body of Christ.'It
won't be
just one
denomination—like
the Word of Faith bunch that is on
fire for the Lord. We stand
and we know how to live by faith, we know
how to live by the Word of God, and we stand
on the Word of God, but there are still a
lot of people that walk in defeat. I
am ready to stop playing church.
I am tired of going to church
and
not
getting anything—I want that tangible
presence of God to the point where
you walk away changed. I don't want to
live where I was five days ago. I want to
live exceedingly abundantly above all
that I dare ask or think. People say,
'Well,
you had another visit from
Jesus?'Yes,
I expect it. I expect Him to show up.
I expect to have a relationship with the
Father; He is my Father. It
shouldn't be out of the ordinary to
have a visitation from the Lord, to
have demonstrations and manifestations.
He said greater works would we do. He
said you would lay hands on the sick and
they would recover. You would cast out
devils, bring
sight to the blind, and raise the dead. He
told us we would do this.
What's amazing, folks, is that's
not
supposed to be special; that's
just the Great Commission. He
commissioned every single one of us to
walk in that authority. He commissioned
every single
believer. So what does that say? A child
has the authority to cast out a devil. A
child has authority to lay hands on the
sick and see them recover. It
didn't say a 'seasoned veteran believer';
he said 'believers,'if you believe. So we
always feel, 'No, that's for
Brother Brandon,'or, 'No, that's
for Sister Billy; she's a teacher and God equipped her.'No, that's for
you, ladies and gentlemen.
He gave you power. He didn't give
anybody else special treatment; He is no
respecter
of persons. I want you to
be encouraged that you have that
ability the moment you accept Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
You are seated with Him in the
heavenlies,
far above all principalities, powers,
and might. I'm trying to emphasize
how important it is for you to
understand who He is and that He lives
in you—Christ in you. So, I just want to
encourage you all today.
We're going to pray over
your situations and your
households.
I'll just
pray in the Spirit with you for a
little bit and attach my faith with
yours for your finances, for an
outpouring of finances. I'm believing God
for cryptos and for big
things—gold,
silver, and things like that—that God
would turn things around and give us witty
ideas to get wealth. God will give
you
a surplus. I'm not just believing for
your
food to be taken care of
today, but for having more
than enough to be able to help your
neighbor, a loved one,
or
someone
else.
Believe
Him for overflow to take care of
other people
besides
yourself. It's time to believe God for
big. It's time to believe God for
exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask or think—to believe Him for the
big thing. That's where I believe we are:
believing God for abundance. So let's
believe Him today. Father, we
thank you right now in the name of
Jesus. We speak to the mountain of debt,
we speak to the mountain of poverty, and
we command it to bow its knee in the
name of Jesus and be cast into the sea.
Father, I thank you that we have
authority over debt
and
poverty. We speak to
lack and 'not
enough'and
barely getting by, and we say: no
more. We have abundance, we have overflow,
and
we have more than enough in the name of
Jesus. Thank you, Father,
for overflow and for
exceedingly abundantly above all that we
dare ask or
think. Thank you, Father, that you've
made a way for them not just to
live paycheck to paycheck, but to live
lavishly. God wants to let you live
a great lifestyle,
with happiness and abundance.
Money is not supposed to make us happy,
but it's a lot
easier to have money than not to have
it.
That's what I'm believing for
you today: to be able to say you've got
enough to help the kingdom of God.
Father, we thank you and give you praise
for it.
Now we believe for our
bodies—that
we're whole
spiritually, physically, financially,
mentally, and emotionally. Father, we pray over
the bodies, over the health today,
that they're healed and whole and well
in the name of Jesus. We speak life over
their bodies, from the
top of
their heads
to
the
soles
of their feet. Lord, we speak life over
their blood and over their
cells. No
cancer, no diabetes, and no heart disease
comes nigh them. Father, I thank you
that you said in your Word that
you made them healed by your
stripes. Thank you, Father, for healing all kinds
of infections. For somebody, we pray over
bladder infections and UTIs right now.
We speak to it, and in the
name of Jesus, the UTI has to go.
We speak to prostates to
be healed and whole in
Jesus'name.
Over high blood pressure, we speak
in the
name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord,
that you took all
those infirmities and bore our
sicknesses.
What you bore in your body, we will not
bear in our body. I thank you
for your healing power that flows on the
inside of us. Father, I thank you that you
put that crown of thorns on for the
torment—that you took
any kind
of mental torment, bad
dreams, night terrors, or
stress disorders. Father, I thank
you that they're free from those
things. You said, 'Whom the Son has
set free is free indeed.'It's been
on my heart to pray for your finances
and
for better
jobs—for
you to be the head, not the
tail,
and above and not beneath. I've
been stirred about it because I see so
many people who are lacking.
It's time to turn
it around and believe God for
big. Instead of
saying, 'I have
enough for some ramen noodles and
Beanie Weenies to get
me through the
week,'you
should be the King's kid eating salmon filets.
There is
nothing wrong
with eating ramen noodles, but I'm
believing God
for
overflow
so
you can say, 'Lord, thank
you that the world has our
stuff.'We're
tithers, givers, and
sowers,
and the wealth of
the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
The Lord has me praying
about
the
wealth of the sinner's
hand being laid up for the just.
The devil's crowd has it,
but
we're the King's kids. He has
the
cattle on a thousand hills
and
overflow in the name of
Jesus.
As He is, so are we
in this world—on earth as it is
in heaven.
Because we are flowing in that
covenant with Him, I'm going to tell
you: if you have a problem with
prosperity and
walking in the blessing, you're
going to hate heaven.
From
what I've seen, even Jesus'crown
and
the
jewels—it's
beyond anything you can
dare ask or
think. The
mansions in heaven
are
overflow.
There's no poverty in heaven, no
trailer parks, and no
shacks. There are mansions
and
castles; I've seen them,
they're
breathtaking.
The gold is transparent in the
streets. Like Dorothy in The
Wizard of Oz,
follow the Yellow Brick Road.
This is transparent
gold; it's so
pure and beautiful.
If you just took out
one brick of that street, most people
could live forever off it because
of
how pure that gold is.
I know this is probably getting on some
people's nerves,
but the Lord
wants you blessed.
I feel it inside to tell you
today that God wants you to have
exceedingly abundantly above all you
dare ask or think. To the tithers and givers
who
have sowed and sowed and
never reaped: it's a spiritual
law for seed-time and harvest. A lot of
you believe in sowing, but you don't
believe in reaping. You push away the
reaping because it's uncomfortable or you
feel you should
just
be
humble.
God will build the character in you
so money won't destroy
you.
He's
a
God
of
love. I hope this video blessed
you
all today.
Stop thinking small and
believe God bigger. He is a big God, and
if the devil's crowd can have it, we
should take it. It's
time to plunder hell and
populate heaven and take authority
over the devil.
He gave you
dominion.
Whatsoever things you bind on
earth will be bound in heaven, and whatsoever
things you loose on earth will be
loosed
in heaven.
He said whatsoever things *you*
say out of your mouth and believe
in your heart will come to pass.
Expectation brings
manifestation.
I thank you, Father,
that it's coming to pass.
The seeds we sowed in
the past will come to harvest at last in
the name of
Jesus. Amen and amen and amen.